boxcox/optimization/README.md, before:

# Optimization

To optimize the Boxcox transformation for classification [classifierOptimization](classifierOptimization.py)
 was developed as an interface to scikit-learn. Hence, an object of this class can be directly used like an usual scikit-learn
 classifier. Therefore, basic pipelines can be constructed.

[lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py) is an abstract class that is used to get the optimized lambda parameters 
for the Box-Cox transformation during the training phase of the classifier. 

[iterative_optimization](iterative_optimization.py) is a concrete class that implements the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py).
 An iterative optimization is used to get optimal lambda parameters.


[gridsearch](gridsearch2D.py) is a concrete class that implements the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py). 
 It uses a gridsearch and can only be used for 2D dataset, because the computational costs increases quickly for higher dimensions.

Further optimization methods can be directly added by implementing the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py) abstract class.

Commit message:

adding diagonal and spherical optimization for comparision adding repeated 2D study to see average improvement

boxcox/optimization/README.md, after:

# Optimization

To optimize the Boxcox transformation for classification [classifierOptimization](classifierOptimization.py)
 was developed as an interface to scikit-learn. Hence, an object of this class can be directly used like an usual scikit-learn
 classifier. Therefore, basic pipelines can be constructed.

[lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py) is an abstract class that is used to get the optimized lambda parameters 
for the Box-Cox transformation during the training phase of the classifier. 

[iterative_optimization](iterative_optimization.py) is a concrete class that implements the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py).
 An iterative optimization is used to get optimal lambda parameters.


[gridsearch](gridsearch2D.py) is a concrete class that implements the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py). 
 It uses a gridsearch and can only be used for 2D dataset, because the computational costs increases quickly for higher dimensions.

[mle_diagional_optimization](mle_diagonal_optimization.py) is a concrete class that implements the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py).
Each column is optimized independently where the MLE for the traditional log-likelihood function of the
Box-Cox transformation is used.

[diagonal_optimization](diagonal_optimization.py) is a concrete class that implements the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py).
Each column is optimized independently where for each column a 1D-grid search is used.

[spherical_optimization](spherical_optimization) is a concrete class that implements the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py).
A scalar value to transform all columns is optimized with a 1D-grid search.

Further optimization methods can be directly added by implementing the [lambda_optimizer](lamba_optimizer.py) abstract class.
